neovim instructions for dummies (me) windows users. 

step 1. install Terminal
step 2. install Chocolatey Package Manager
step 3. install Python or whatever language you use
step 4. (for python) do pip install (in the terminal) to set everything neat and nice:
  - install --user --upgrade pynvim
step 5. choco install neovim from Terminal (powershell)
  - make sure folder bin is in PATH (choco will do that for you)
step 6. create file within C:\Users\XXXXX\AppData\Local named "nvim"
step 7. run nvim (go inside Terminal, type nvim, enter)
step 8. get the config that's in here copy/pasted in there 
or
step 8.2 make a file "init.lua" and a folder "lua" in nvim, then make another folder inside lua called whatever of your choice
step 8.3 write your own config creating .lua files for each feature then call requires in the init.lua file
  - important: call require like this: require "folder.luafile"
step 9. run nvim again, PackerSync everything (if you chose Packer or copy/pasted my config)
step 10. close nvim and open it again, everything should be working
special observations:

copy and paste inside nvim is different, it also has its own clipboard for some reason:
      | in normal mode press y to copy
      | to paste, i'd recommend you to create your own keymapping (mine's <space>p)
to run python:
      | press ESC, SHIFT, type :python file name or file path (and enter)
      or
      | press ESC, SHIFT, type :python % to run the file you're currently in 

to run HTML, or any file: 
      | press ESC, SHIFT, type :silent !start % (and enter)


also, try not to name your files with spaces, nvim doesn't like that. use "-"

there are whole foruns and subreddits dedicated to neovim and vim, as well as youtube videos/channels, wtv error you're stuck on,
i'm sure some nerd has already figured it out and posted the solution somewhere. the community is huge, so don't worry

i recommend the youtube channels ThePrimeagen and chris@machine, i learned everything from them (i don't know much but i can atleast get my config working)

good luck!! 
